of all the procedures performed in
cosmetic surgery rhinoplasty is one of
the most common I think my nose right
now looks the best that it's ever going
to look I'm very very happy and I think
this this is the nose that I would have
wanted after my first surgery well the
absolute numbers are of rhinoplasties
are increasing every year and the actual
average is about five to fifteen percent
even in a good surgeon's hands may
require some revision you know it has
multiple moving parts and every single
procedure on each part can affect
everything else in effect the height of
the nose the shape the nose the length
the nose the angle the tip there are
many excellent cosmetic surgeons who may
be skilled in all kinds of body surgery
and facial surgery but you must go to
someone who has skill and knowledge of
rhinoplasty the old days of having
cookie cutter rhinoplasty is where you
can spot them coming down the street are
gone really we need make the nose fit
the face I was about 22 when someone
made a comment to me about my profile
the bump on my profile not a mean
comment but it was almost like Oh Denise
I've never noticed that about you before
type of a comment in May 2001 she made
an appointment with a plastic surgeon I
did not join research I did not go to
any other doctors I was young and I just
picked the first person that I could
find because I thought he's a doctor and
he made it sound like it was a very
minimal very simple easy procedure and
nothing could possibly go wrong
is gonna be fine the surgery was
performed in June 2001 but Denise soon
noticed that the bump on her nose
started to show again her doctor said
she needed another operation less than
four months after the first procedure
Denise went back under the knife
I noticed completely collapsed the
physical damage was extensive the
emotional trauma even worse I didn't
have the energy and I didn't have the
happiness that I had once had because I
saw you know how I really thought when I
lived here I didn't like what I saw
so it was difficult a my only concern
really at that point was just getting it
right and finding someone who could
correct the damage that was done over
the next year Denise had two more
procedures done by two different doctors
neither surgery fixed the problem for
Denise no it was terrible she felt it
was very unsightly and she certainly
could not breathe through finally in
November 2004 she contacted dr. Stephen
Perlman Perlman is president of the
American Academy of facial plastic and
reconstructive surgery there's an open
roof there was no support here in the
middle part the nostrils were collapsed
and she had poor hip definition
so by examining not only her nose and
the subsequent opera reports they will
determine what we've done to try and
correct those things on December 2nd
2004 Denis went in for her fourth
operation with her fourth doctor but
this time she did her homework dr.
Pearlman knew exactly what he was doing
I narrowed this part by again doing his
colossal micro osteotomies I put two
graphs of cartilage which I found
Romanian her septum for the internal
valve called spreader graft that
literally spread this part of the nose
to improve the breathing for the
nostrils at the college from the right
ear in a part of the ear that you cannot
see any type of scar no visible deformed
figure and strengthen both nostrils to
both improve the crease as well to
strengthen nostrils and so all will get
a better better result dr. Perlman had
even bigger ideas for Denise's nose she
actually didn't like the idea of me
raising it she said oh I like my little
nose but I used computer imaging and
with the computer imaging I actually was
able to demonstrate her what it would
look like if we raise this up for a more
to me it dignified a stronger profile
than the little nose she had which I
thought was a little too scooped out and
she actually agreed that she wanted me
to do that if she didn't I would have
left it lower but people often don't
like the idea of making a nose bigger
when actuality it really to me makes it
much prettier the procedure was
complicated and difficult I think my
nose right now looks the best that it's
ever going to look I'm very very happy
and I think this this is the nose that I
would have wanted after my first surgery
you